Persistent ical links with signed URL, updated calendar widgets (#4801)
indico/indico: CHANGES.rst

  event (:issue:`4750`, :pr:`4760`)
- Add options for attaching iCal files to complete registration and event reminder
  emails (:issue:`1158`, :pr:`4780`)

> - Using new signed URL instead of legacy API for persistent ical links, replaced widgets
>   in category, event, session and contribution views with the modern one used in
>   dashboard. (:issue:`4776`, :pr:`4801`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the new token-based URLs instead of API keys for persistent ical links and replace
  the calendar link widgets in category, event, session and contribution views with the
  more modern ones used in dashboard (:issue:`4776`, :pr:`4801`)
```
